README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/blob/main/MenuScores/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/icon_256x256%201.png" width="200" alt="App Icon">

  <h1>MenuScores</h1>
  <p>Live Scores - Right From Your Notch</p>

</div>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores)](License)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/total.svg)](https://github.com/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/releases)
[![macOS Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13.0%2B-blue.svg)](https://www.apple.com/macos/)

</div>

<br>
<br>

<img src="/Assets/MenuScores-1.png" width="100%" alt="MenuScores"/><br/>

## Supported Leagues

- NHL
- Men's College Hockey
- Women's College Hockey
- NBA
- WNBA
- Men's College Basketball
- Women's College Basketball
- NFL
- CFL
- College Football
- MLB
- College Baseball
- College Softball
- Champions League
- MLS
- Premier League
- La Liga
- Bundesliga
- Serie A
- LIGA MX
- Ligue 1
- Eredivisie
- Primeira Liga
- F1
- PGA
- LPGA
- NLL
- PLL
- Men's College Lacrosse
- Women's College Lacrosse
- Men's College Volleyball
- Women's College Volleyball

## Features

- **Live Notch Scores** - Pin games to your notch and receive real-time score updates available at a glace.
- **Live Menubar Scores** - Pin games to your menu bar and receive real-time score updates available at a glance.
- **Smart Notifications** - Get notified when a pinned game starts or finishes.
- **League Control** - Choose which leagues are shown and stay focused on the sports you care about.
- **Configurable** - Configure notification types and refresh intervals to fit your preferences.
- **Lightweight & Native** - Built with Swift and SwiftUI for fast performance and seamless macOS integration.

## Installation

**Requires macOS 13.0 and later**

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release.
2. Move the app to your **Applications folder**.
3. Run the app and grant necessary permissions when prompted.

### Homebrew

You can also install MenuScores using Homebrew:

```bash
brew tap daniyalmaster693/casks
brew install --cask menuscores
```

**Note**: On first launch, macOS may warn that the app couldn't be verified. Click **OK**, then go to **System Settings → Privacy & Security**, scroll down, and click **Open Anyway** to launch the app.

## Usage

- After running the app, you'll be greeted with a walkthrough that will provide information about the different features of the app, and security and privacy concerns.
- **In order to use the notifications feature**, you must grant permission for MenuScores to send notification. An option will be presented to do so in the walkthrough screen.

1. Clicking on the menubar title will show a list available leagues.
2. Hovering over a league will show a dropdown of all the games for the day in that league.
3. Hover over a game will allow you to choose from pinning the game to your menubar, notch, or viewing it in your browser.

**Note: the notch feature works best on Macbooks with a notch. It will still work on non notched devices, but hovering over it will not open the expanded view.**

4. You can use the clear set game option, or pin a different game to clear the title.
5. You can quit the app directly from the menubar, or open the preferences window to configure app behaviors (this can be done by pressing Cmd + , after opening the menubar component, or clicking the preferences button if your on macOS 14.0 and later).

## Dependencies

- [DynamicNotchKit](https://github.com/MrKai77/DynamicNotchKit)
- [LaunchAtLogin Modern](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin-Modern)
- [Sparkle](https://github.com/sparkle-project/Sparkle)

## Contributions

Any contributions and feedback is welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the [GPLv3 License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added roadmap to README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/blob/main/MenuScores/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/icon_256x256%201.png" width="200" alt="App Icon">

  <h1>MenuScores</h1>
  <p>Live Scores - Right From Your Notch</p>

</div>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores)](License)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/total.svg)](https://github.com/daniyalmaster693/MenuScores/releases)
[![macOS Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13.0%2B-blue.svg)](https://www.apple.com/macos/)

</div>

<br>
<br>

<img src="/Assets/MenuScores-1.png" width="100%" alt="MenuScores"/><br/>

## Supported Leagues

- NHL
- Men's College Hockey
- Women's College Hockey
- NBA
- WNBA
- Men's College Basketball
- Women's College Basketball
- NFL
- CFL
- College Football
- MLB
- College Baseball
- College Softball
- Champions League
- MLS
- Premier League
- La Liga
- Bundesliga
- Serie A
- LIGA MX
- Ligue 1
- Eredivisie
- Primeira Liga
- F1
- PGA
- LPGA
- NLL
- PLL
- Men's College Lacrosse
- Women's College Lacrosse
- Men's College Volleyball
- Women's College Volleyball

## Features

- **Live Notch Scores** - Pin games to your notch and receive real-time score updates available at a glace.
- **Live Menubar Scores** - Pin games to your menu bar and receive real-time score updates available at a glance.
- **Smart Notifications** - Get notified when a pinned game starts or finishes.
- **League Control** - Choose which leagues are shown and stay focused on the sports you care about.
- **Configurable** - Configure notification types and refresh intervals to fit your preferences.
- **Lightweight & Native** - Built with Swift and SwiftUI for fast performance and seamless macOS integration.

## Installation

**Requires macOS 13.0 and later**

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release.
2. Move the app to your **Applications folder**.
3. Run the app and grant necessary permissions when prompted.

### Homebrew

You can also install MenuScores using Homebrew:

```bash
brew tap daniyalmaster693/casks
brew install --cask menuscores
```

**Note**: On first launch, macOS may warn that the app couldn't be verified. Click **OK**, then go to **System Settings → Privacy & Security**, scroll down, and click **Open Anyway** to launch the app.

## Usage

- After running the app, you'll be greeted with a walkthrough that will provide information about the different features of the app, and security and privacy concerns.
- **In order to use the notifications feature**, you must grant permission for MenuScores to send notification. An option will be presented to do so in the walkthrough screen.

1. Clicking on the menubar title will show a list available leagues.
2. Hovering over a league will show a dropdown of all the games for the day in that league.
3. Hover over a game will allow you to choose from pinning the game to your menubar, notch, or viewing it in your browser.

**Note: the notch feature works best on Macbooks with a notch. It will still work on non notched devices, but hovering over it will not open the expanded view.**

4. You can use the clear set game option, or pin a different game to clear the title.
5. You can quit the app directly from the menubar, or open the preferences window to configure app behaviors (this can be done by pressing Cmd + , after opening the menubar component, or clicking the preferences button if your on macOS 14.0 and later).

## Roadmap

- [x] ~~Notch Display for Games~~
- [x] ~~Links to more game info~~
- [x] ~~Entire year race schedule for F1~~
- [ ] Additional pre game info in the notch component
- [ ] Recent plays in the notch component
- [ ] F1 and Golf Standings in Pre Race and Tournament Views
- [ ] Smoother overall notch animations for score updates
- [ ] Automatically pin games to the notch or menubar (favorite teams feature)

...and more to come...

## Dependencies

- [DynamicNotchKit](https://github.com/MrKai77/DynamicNotchKit)
- [LaunchAtLogin Modern](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin-Modern)
- [Sparkle](https://github.com/sparkle-project/Sparkle)

## Contributions

Any contributions and feedback is welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the [GPLv3 License](LICENSE).
